As advertised. Everything works perfectly, I'm very happy with the camera. As a matter of fact I'm going to buy another one for my 2nd car.
it's great
These work great and fit my life proof case for the iPhone 6
Work very well but couldn't get used to not hearing anything out of the ear they v were plugged into.
Be careful with these products, I have bought several of these cameras and the image is pretty decent but battery doesn't hold any charge!!!!
It appears to be good, but I'm still waiting for my other items radio,batteries,charger, before I can go to 4 or 5 stars
First one arrived as a brick.  Wouldn't work, wouldn't charge, useless.  Exchanged for a new one that works as advertised.
Worked great for vacation
this is a very good item, it provide me the sound that i like..
I LOVE my recorder. Bought it obviously because I have tape cassette's with no way to play them.<br />Spent an AMAZING afternoon, listening to my Mom (who passed away in 2005), tell a 90 minute Christmas story of &#34;Nicholas&#34;,  to my two daughters, many moons ago.  It was a wonderful afternoon of laughter and tears.<br />I thank you, for providing me, the time to spend an afternoon with my Mom again... :)
Great sound great battery beach, work, park, anywhere battery lasts
If what you want is a continuous tone piezo - i.e. a &#34;beeper&#34; - then this one would get 5  or maybe 4 stars.  (Possibly dock one star because it's a bit quiet for the rated sound level.)  However, if what you wanted was the thing described in the listing - i.e. a *buzzer*, for example something that would make the sound you get if you answer incorrectly on a game show &#34;bzzzzt&#34; - then it's 3 stars at best.  This is the 3rd batch of &#34;buzzers&#34; I've ordered from different suppliers so this is not an isolated incident.  Anyone need some beepers, cheap?
Love it
Sucks
u need to plug in both
Worked with MHD Flasher for Android.  Used to flash performance tunes to BMW 135i/335i N54 engines.
Just arrived,  read instructions and attacked my #1 to key chain. Installed battery but for the life of me, was unable to CLOSE the cap. 100 times and still no go. #1 is out and apparently is broken. Tried #2 and did mange to close the cap. Have not tried #3 or #4 yet. Surely they can make a quality cover for the device. Thinking of returning the item and look for better quality battery cover. The font on the instructions are  too tiny to read, sure you can afford a larger print. No phone number or web address to contact for a replacement of #1. Hmmm...maybe you KNEW you had an inferior battery cover and  didn't care to deal with the complaints!
I bought this unit as a replacement for my portable fish finder. Works great as did the original. I replaced it because the original was accidentally damaged.
I am giving the speakers a test drive as I write this review. I am deeply impressed by the sound quality of this little box. The high end is really nice. The bass is somewhat lacking, but, I didn't expect room-shaking bass anyway. These are a keeper!!!
Met my application needs very well.
This dash cam gives me life. I am an african american and anyone with a television knows that racial profiling of minorities is a huge problem in America. I got my dash cam to record my trips but I also use it to record any police stops. So far no stops. Yay me BUT I took the scenic route to the beach and pointed my camera at the ocean as I drove. Beautiful. The video is crystal clear and vivid. I like it so much my husband wants one too. I recieved this dash cam at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review of how well it performed.
Scratchy when keyed up
Great
This was a gift from a friend a year ago and I thought it would be just an average little speaker. For my surprise, this product is awesome, sounds great and I would definitely consider buy another one.
i love the sound of skar and in the right box these are louder than any PSI around.. i have had 1 10' skar vd in a ported box for a &#34;SINGLE CAB CHEVY&#34; and iv out beat many larger systems... its a great product and i will stay with skar before i go back to kickers
Can't go out with it!!!! best gadget for music lovers...
Was everything I expected
I was excited to get this product because it looked versatile and cute and I thought I could take it with me on the road.  However, after receiving it and trying it out I was disappointed to say the least.  The volume button does not work at all.  It is really stiff and difficult to move manually.  The control works, but it is small and could get lost if one is not careful.  The capacity for sound is limited.  Also the cables to connect the speakers were flimsy and not working properly.  Overall very disappointed with this purchase.  I contacted amazon for return and found out that we are responsible for shipping costs with this seller. I Found out the cheapest UPS ground services to be after packaging close to $30.00! This is crazy to have to pay this for a defective product.  So save your money and headache and buy something else.  Trust me, I hate to give bad reviews, but this is a sound equipment that you should skip!
Outstanding, great price and I like the larger screen
Nice little unit with great sound.  Built well and easy to use - great for travelling.  The hands-free phone feature is a nice plus.
Life savers
Great range, about 30-50 feet, very clear, works with any audio input jack whether on an iPod, iPad, or computer monitor. Love it
My family and I like it so.much it has a good sound and we can take it anywhere we want.
Works as advertised.  Pairs easily and re-pairs without effort.
Good dashcam.  This is my second G1W-C.<br /><br />Likes: 1080p max resolution, rearview mirror mount, nice screen, no battery, affordable, free pen.<br /><br />Dislikes: loses time/date if car is parked for a few days (no battery, only capacitor), UI controls are tricky, free pen.
I just love this item. Thanks and plan to get more from this provider.
The big advantage that the Kobo has over the Kindle is that pubic libraries do not support Kindle.  You can not use a kindle to download books from your local library.
First off, we need the operating band this is designed for.  It is not foldable or collapsable.  Also need the connector type.<br />You will not sell many of these without supplying more information.
I bought this primarily to be used as a flashlight and it has worked out well over the last five weeks. I've run it for twenty hours continuously before deciding it was starting to dim. The nice thing about LEDs is the light stays white unlike a filament-type bulb. The light from this device is more than adequate when I'm out on a dark night. Then my phone charger replenishes it once it runs down. The flashlight switch does stick up just a little bit so it is possible for it to be inadvertently switched on (push-on/push-off) while in a pocket or pack.<br /><br />For recharging purposes, the battery capacity in this device is small. Although the battery capacity is spec'd at 2600 MaH, you will never get that amount into the device you are charging. The process of up-converting the charger's battery voltage (~3.7 vdc) to the USB standard (5 vdc) and back down to battery voltage (~3.7 vdc) in the device being charged results in some losses. A good budgetary figure is to plan on transferring 70% of the source battery capacity into the device being charged. So if your phone's battery is spec'd at 2500 MaH, you will need at least a 3600MaH battery in your charger to fully charge the phone's battery. This is true for all battery-driven chargers, not just this one. Or you can shop for a charger whose battery capacity is 150% of the device you need to fully charge - it's that simple.
I have another Bluetooth speaker from another maker and this one was very easy to use but the volume  up louder doesn't sound as good as the other one.
X x vc&#34;ccc
Sounds awesome and works great, pioneer coming in clutch.
This is my first Dashcam and I love it!  This was much smaller that I thought, but the smaller the better, can't be seen easily by others.  I live in the city, lots of cars, stop lights and traffic.  Though I have not had accident since having installed this, I have reviewed footage and image was super clear for daytime video and better that I expected, very clear night vision.  I can see how this dashcam can come in handy for so many instances that could happen.  It was easy to install, we used a silicone adhesive for that extra security.  I think this dashcam is a good buy and I think everyone should have one these days.  I was able to try this at a discount for my honest review.
The cord did it's job and locks into your ipod/phone pretty well. I am able to pull my ipod to me by the cord which is nice.
Good product so far, it fits my Zune very well.
Like all portable players, leaves much to be desired. Good for the battery usiness
it is an excellent product easy to install worth the price
I am really enjoying this speaker. I was unsure if it was as good as some of the reviews gave it but I am very pleased with the sound quality and the value.
Good, strong, and 6 feet long.
Big screen is nice once the store contacted me on how to have voice directions
I bought this as a gift for a friend.  I loaded a bunch of songs on it before giving it to her.  It was easy to load and seemed really easy to use, too.  User friendly, I guess is the right term.  I have an MP3 player I bought elsewhere but this one looked a lot nicer than mine.  My friend loved her gift.  She thought I spent a lot of money on it but really, the price was very reasonable.
Exactly what I needed
Does not fit XL
I'm not sure what the use case is for this device. A build-in, dash-mounted display is generally pretty well shielded from glare by virtue of its location. A GPS on top of the dashboard and closer to the windshield may suffer from glare problems, but this sunshade needs to be taped to the GPS to stay in place. Overall, I would say this is a solution in search of a problem, overpriced for what it actually does.<br /><br />Disclaimer: I received an evaluation unit in exchange for a fair and honest review.
Purchased two of these based on a wide variety of reviews. The first one failed within a couple of hours of use, and the second one failed today.  The first one was replaced by Amazon and I haven't had a chance to use it much. This second one will simply be returned for a refund. The recording it made were excellent.  But what good does it do to have something that is unreliable?  Too bad.
Great product but long shipping.
The compass is not reliable.  I don't really know if it works
I was very disappointed! The charger will not charge my phone because it won't keep a charge. It very cheap looking and poor quality. It wasn't worth the money but you get what u pay for so I just went by to the Apple Store.
Sometimes gets &#34;laggy&#34;. It was fron China which seller didn't indicate. I had lots of other products from China that had quality issues with electronics  overheating, shorting and just under performing. This unit didn't get hot and so far is working as advertised. My only concern because the app is a Chineese developed app, just don't know if the unit-app snoops my device. Have no way of knowing either:
After plugging in my phone an alert came on saying &#34;this is not a legal device and will not charge your phone&#34;.  Hassle to return it but just beware to anyone thinking of buying it.
Apple makes their charging products with inferior quality to profit off of loyal customers when they are forced to repurchase. Save your money here, these are exactly what I was looking for, made with excellent materials at the joints between the cable and plug-in. Well worth it, added length and color options are a plus.
This thing doesn't stick to the wall. It takes forever to connect to my phone, but forget trying to have two different people using two different phones intermittently. Frankly, the sound quality isn't great either and my phone has better speaker and sound quality.
A gift so I cannot give much information about them. They look great and came on time though.
Love love love loved it
the unit fully met my expectations. Delivery was prompt.
I feel that the DVR is working good but the battery inside is not good as short time, I bought this DVR and used only in 2 two days the battery dead.<br />and the cover out side has been coming out of the DVR. please make it better to get your market!!!
Stores a lot of music, it sounds good. It is very very difficult to maneuver the menus, not intuitive and the instructions are too minimal. It seems like all the features work, but being able to use them is a lot of work.
satisfied
Easy to use
The speaker looks nice and was easy to set up. However, the description states it can be up to 30 ft away from your bluetooth device and it's really only about 10 ft or it constantly loses connection.
Very good. good  seller
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
ok
Awesome product
Good Dashcam; gives nice clear video
Nice
Sounds great but still over priced
Two failed
Works great! Loud. Very impressed
Is everything I expected and then some
UNIT WORKS SIMILAR TO ONE IT IS REPLACING. THIS UNIT ONLY APPEARS TO HAVE A 100 WATT OUTUT. I CHECKED WITH MANUFACTURER THEY THOUGHT IT COULD BE MY VOLTMETER. ALL MY APPLIANCES WORK. THERE IS A HUM COMING FROM THIS UNIT AS WELL AS THE PREVIOUS ONE I HAD.
surprised it STILL works
My dad did like this case for his Nook I bought him.
I've bought a lot of products on Amazon...like we purchase several times a week.  In most cases, we get what we expect.  I was skeptical in purchasing these and saw mixed reviews, but these guys claim to be &#34;Apple MFI Certified&#34; and are &#34;genuine&#34;.  Well...BUYER BEWARE!<br /><br />I purchases these in early July, one for each vehicle so we can keep our phones charged.  I bought them when I did because we were going to take a family trip and I wanted to have something in the car to keep devices charged on the go.  I received these two days before we left, but really didn't get to use them until the trip.  Then, just two days in to the trip, the pins on both sides turned black and the cable STOPPED working.  I'm not sure if I did something wrong, but other cables I've used in the same way (especially the one that came with my iPhone 5c) have worked WITHOUT ISSUE.  Needless to say, just two days in to our trip and we are down a cable, I was more than a bit peeved.<br /><br />If you purchase these from this seller, it is at your own risk and will be a complete gamble.  I highly recommend to keep looking and steer clear of these guys.  The worst part now, is that I have passed the one month window to return these because once back from my trip, I've had to deal with some work emergencies.  So I've basically just wasted my hard earned money on garbage, with no more option for refund.
Poor quality and low sound output for its size.  A real disappointment.
I bought this Mount Holder for my iPad for the trip to Orlando and to stop holding my iPad with my hands all the time. The iPad Air, what I have, fits very well and feels very secure in this case and I love the idea of having my hands free, the material feels very resistant and keep it in the car that way I don't forget to pack it for any long ride or trip
Very good quality. So far so good.
The worst quality. I only used it twice and its already done. Won't transmit the sound. I'm so mad... I keep my things nice and I'm careful with my my gadgets. I wasn't expecting it to preform so poorly... Very dissatisfied...
good, I converted my idle speakers into bluetooth speakers where I can play songs from my phone.
It was listed as having a remote-antenna jack, which it does not have. Otherwise, works well, with limited, indoor A/M reception.
Thwy work great especially for the price. I mainly got these to use as an alternative for a baby monitor because of the vox setting. Thought was i could go around the house, the garage, the yard.  And still hear the little one. But the vox gain is not sensitive enough to hear her until she is really mad. Even after buying the cable and adjusting the vox gain to the max. So it didn't work for that.  But camping, sending them with the kids while there playing, and letting the kids just play with them. I got my money out of them.
Sorry to say this did not charge our i-pods at all. Darn.
it came packed very well in two boxes. The radio looks new, but it is missing the antenna, I can use the one from my old radio. But it still works great
Very good unit put it in my wifes 2014 jeep , she loves it.
very good
This Portable speaker was for a christmas present for my mom, she was looking for something small but at the same time with a good volume she is happy with it and I am happy too!
This mount was a replacement for a previous RAM mount that broke. It fits and functions just as expected - very well !!
my daughter loves this case
This rear view mirror is very decent for its price.  The video is clear and the mirror is fairly easy to install.  It has lots of features such as long battery life, motion sensor video mode, gps hook up (if you have your own) and plenty of options.  There are some issues though: (1) if you already have a large rear view mirror the placement of the camera lens may not allow you to position it correctly in your case; (2) the power cord is a bit shorter than other mirror cams that I own - barely reaches around the edges of my 07 Equinox; (3) basically no manual - and any English is a bit difficult to get - requires about 30 minutes of hunting and pecking through the menu and you will find it has lots of features;  (4) the screen is brighter than most but the coating on the reflective surface is a slightly different color than the screen really take some getting used if you look into your mirrors often; (5) has a super bright LED that blinks every other second.  During the night it lightens up my whole SUV - I put a sticker over it now it seems.  I have hooked up the included rear view cam, but looks pretty standard.  Overall though I am pretty pleased with this mirror and recommend that everyone have one if for nothing else other than an insurance policy.
It made a loud train sound and I couldn't turn off, I tried everything. Also there's nowhere on the device to power my phone. This is a fake
Thanks
This iPod works great!  I use it to swim laps and so far very happy with it!!!!
Works great
Works pretty nicely, but the sound quality is between fair and poor.
One dead on arrival, one working as intended.
Works great, easy to install.
seems legit.cable is pretty thick handles power well and has a nice thick tuff jacket
Good product and good seller
Had to have the original purchase replaced and then had to send the replacement replaced as the batteries will not charge/hold a charge. Don't waste your time.
Excellent
I have purchased it because I have seen a new product with a great review. I have paid $160 for similar looking camera for my wifes car which works great, so after seeing similar nice looking product with a great price I decided to try it. First it was working ok for a couple of days and was taking good quality hd video, then started turning off by itself. Sending back
My iPhone recognized this cable and never told me it was not supported. It didn't overheat my phone and it charged it in a very reasonable pace. I have had it for 4 and a half months and it just last week when the white one started to damage but that happens with almost all iPhone chargers even the one that comes with the device. The black one still alright. I'm going to place another order now.
Quality ok but not great but price is good. Battery operated--no adaptor came with this player.
Has weak reception using jvc head unit. I have this on another car using sony head unit, which seem to work better.
Excelente producto
Product received as advertised
Good looking unit. Sounds great. Easy install. Apps are run from phone and are all junk Imo. Be sure to buy the bypass if you arent hooking up the controll harness or it wont let you play any video if it cant tell you are in park. Still a very nice radio.
Its not two pieces buy only two channels you only get one despite the description saying the opposite
It is what it is. Pretty cheap player. I wouldn't recommend it. It was inexpensive though.
I absolutely love this darn thing.  I looks great, it sounds great and it has an amazing battery life.
Perfect case! Love it
Like the bigger screen.
[[VIDEOID:abde57fdd35925f99d6c2e46f2fdb21b]] See my video for my thoughts and opinions here.<br /><br />I had to find a car in which I could use this item...it worked rather well and was very easy to use. It slides into place VERY firmly as you will see in the video. Seems to snug up well when inserted and really doesn't look too bad when installed.<br /><br />Plenty of adjustability and easy to remove quickly if needed. Such a simple design not much else to say...hope the video helps.<br /><br />Review sample provided free or at a discounted price for a fair, unbiased, and honest review.
Product received as advertised
It culd be better, but it is seems to be not well finished
Not real handy to open
Bumps and holds my 15 &#34; Memphis mojo had it now for a few months and still holding strong.
good purchase
Unbelievably clear sound and great bass from a speaker that weighs less than a pound.
Great product!
good price and product.
good value
Works great. ..still using it everyday a year and a half later.
I liked it so much I bought a second one. The sound is great and it is easy to use.
Very little capacity spread, but some self discharge. Using them to augment a marginal starting system on my 1975 Mercer boat. They dropped the starter response time from 500 mS to less than  250. Perfect!
IPod nano doesn't work even after trying to charge several times with different USB cables. Returning product!
definitely notice the difference so does everybody else great buy perfect price excellent investment
Ok
Amazing for every game exempt gta5 because it's not well optimized but this can stream every game you want at high settings 40-50fps
Very flimsy. It doesn't work with new technology by just touching like an IPAD. You have to remember which one is the back button to go from example: Video to Music.
great
They charge my wife's phone
it play great and I use it ever day
Works great with good sound for its small size. Fills up a room!
Did not work. Dont Buy for Corolla
Piece of junk
I needed USB cords in lengths longer than 6ft. These fit my requirements perfectly.
I bought this a while ago and I think it's one of the best portable bluetooth speakers out there for the Amazon Price.  I like that it's not a rechargeable and uses regular batteries (so you can use rechargeable batteries if you choose) AND it has a plug.  The sound is loud and clear.
Great replacement.  No problems
The product is excillent.
Mic doesn't work clearly often
Works
This is a must have for single handed sailing. I simply can't believe much this product is needed. Can't live without it
It takes a while to charge and it only last for a little bit but when it lights up it looks really cool !!
both work great and are still working
brings me back to the old days
Works like a charm!
I've ordered a ton of these white and black, long and short.  I keep buying them because they are made so well.  I need more to buy for the office, my car, the house...etc... awesome stuff!
They work great.  Quite durable.  I would get them again.
This speaker works well and looked brand new. The sound is great and shipping was fast. I will be purchasing more products from Beach Camera on Amazon.
It broke less than a month. Don't buy them.
Very nice and compact and easy to install.
I've bought a total of 3 of these cables I've had the first for over a month and works great. Lasted longer than the ones I got from Apple. I needed one that worked with my lifeproof case and this does
Does not auto shut off, loud but distorts at high volume, will be replacing with another speaker.
Product works as promised
Just like the original but with style, helps us keep our keys separate for the two GMC products we own.
too small
The best charging cables out there. I've tried cheaper ones and they always stop working. ive had these for a while now, and they work every time.
Works fine.
Just what I wanted.  Love the new cords
Works great, and really fast delivery.
Got it on Prime when it was only $5.99. Figured it was worth a shot for such a low price. Added it to an older A/V receiver and it is working as intended. Supplied cords were really short, and though it is supplied with a micro usb cable it is not supplied with an AC adapter for the cable. Pairing was simple, just plugged it in and my phone connected to it on the first try. Haven't tried the NFC functionality due to my phone's current rom having it disabled, but I'm sure it works fine. It works every bit as well as other bluetooth receivers I've purchased in the past for five times the price. I will probably purchase another one if this one continues working well.
very good thanks
Quality of song good, only one problem with remote control, when cassete inside.
Important: YOU HAVE TO HAVE A CD SLOT RIGHT ABOVE YOUR GPS FOR THIS TO WORK<br /><br />The Good:<br /><br />• It works 100% with a GPS system that has a CD slot on top<br />• Minimal design that fits right in<br />• Easy to remove/ install<br /><br />Thoughts:<br /><br />• There is a slight rattle when going over bumps<br />• The directions are awful but you can figure it out by the Amazon Pics<br /><br />The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Buy this if you have the right GPS set up as described above. It will keep the glare of your GPS screen…especially if you drive with the sunroof open.  Please note that I was able to test this product at a discount in order to provide you with an honest, unbiased review.
Good
Works great for my iPhone and IPad.  And much less expensive than Apple's products.
Don't buy it if your desktop is not compatible for windows 7
they work great!  haven't had any issues and i've had them for about 6 months.
amazing
Good product as advertised. Would have liked to be more obvious that the radio did not include a battery. But still happy with product.
This cable works lightening-fast. As soon as I plug it into my iPhone, it recognizes the charger instantly and begins charging immediately. No need to wiggle the cable around the port to get it to fit properly or for the device to pick it up. I actually think it works better than the charger my iphone came with! I've had it for over a year now and the wire is still in excellent shape. No tears to the cable, like you often have with apple headphones or other chargers, plus the wire is still neat and clean hasn't really accumulated any dirt or smudges (I bought the white one so that says a lot). The cable also stays straight, i.e. it also doesn't tangle or twist into a knot that you need to untangle. Whether you're looking for a primary iphone charger or a secondary charging cable for your car or for traveling, this product gets the job done!<br /><br />Overall, a great item at a great price (no need to overpay at the Apple store). It works very well and still lasts and looks pretty much the same as the day I bought it. Well done with the manufacturing, definitely no knock-off experience here!
Easy to install, sounded great for about three weeks and then the AMP shorted out or something to blow the main fuse. Sent it back several weeks ago and when enquiring about its ETA they told me the end of September because they are on back order. With no service after the sale I will NEVER buy another Rockford Fosgate product!!!! Ridiculous...
It works for me!  I'm using it for my PS4 controller.  Why?  Cause the controller loses charge VERY quickly. It's common knowledge.<br />Can't go wrong with these cables. Just don't forget, if wireless is a promise, you'll be begging for wired in a heartbeat.
Managed to pick this beauty up on sale for about $15. I was so impressed I ordered two more and gave them away as gifts. The sound is pretty darn good for such a small device and with a passive bass speaker on the back its' audio is quite stellar. The body is a mixture of silicone rubber and high density plastic, with metal grills on the front, and a rubber strap for carrying.<br /><br />Outdoors, it won't scare away the livestock or set off seismic activity sensors but is perfect for a tent or a small room. As an added bonus you can insert a micro hard drive on the back and play your music directly from that, so it technically qualifies as an MP3 player, albeit one with minimal controls. It doesn't have any IPX proofing, so I would try and keep it away from water. Having said that for $15, you can take this to the swimming pool and should it get soaked you won't feel like you got um, soaked.
Did the job
As always, you get great quality and sound from BOSE ! Thank you Amazon
Got my portable fan working again.
Great!
Alright, so I wasn't expecting much. That's okay because I'm putting this in my old Chevy pickup and if it gets stolen some day I didn't want to be out a bunch of money. The camera works. Now, here's my only complaint so far - this is quite possibly the most unbelievably bad manual I have ever seen in my life. It's so bad it's actually funny. The camera has three modes: video (called &#34;shooting&#34;), photos, and File management (playback). Got it, not a big deal. Now for the recording video there are a couple options that would be nice to control - like auto shake and auto night mode. Here's what the manual says, &#34;The camera start to record automatic when it is open up, press OK key to stop recording which pressed again to restart recording, press up and down key in recording model to save electricity Press up and down key in recording model for mode switch in day and night, night scene is open fill-in light.&#34; Yeah. That's typed verbatim. So, the up and down key &#34;save electricity&#34; and &#34;mode switch in day and night&#34; in &#34;recording model&#34;. Despite trying about a dozen things, all I can get the up and down keys to do are zoom in and out the camera. That was starting to get kind of frustrating because the fill lights were staying on and there was no way to turn them off or convince the camera to go out of night mode. Finally I resorted to a system reset which quite helpfully switched all the menus to Chinese and (amazingly) turned off the the night mode and associated fill light. Yay. There is also a G sensor (maybe that's the anti-shake?) that ambiguously offers me 2G, 4G, 8G, and OFF. I tried 2G and OFF in the hopes that it would reduce the number of times I thought, &#34;Gee, I have no idea how this option is supposed to work&#34; but alas, my &#34;Gee&#34; count continued to rise. Motion detection? Okay.....well, that's nice, but since it's in a car won't there almost always be motion? I was happy though to find out that &#34;You can press reset and starting up the product when a crash happened because disoperation, it will get right.&#34; Thank goodness! I hate it when I crash my car and it disoperates, but with a push of a button it will get right!
Pros:<br />Great size.  Really nice, full sound.  Strong bluetooth range.<br />Haven't tested the water-proof abilities and probably won't.<br /><br />Cons:<br />The NFC pairing seems non-existent.  The manual tells me to put the phone on an NFC label that simply is not there.  Why do I care?  Well, there is a voice that tells you when you connect/disconnect.  Part of me likes knowing but the problem is that when I'm in another part of my house and coming in and out of range there is an odd male voice upstairs scaring my kids.  Well. maybe just freaking them out a little.  I bought this, in part, because the NFC should let me connect when I'm in the room and disconnect when I walk out.  Instead, I can't do that.<br /><br />So while I really like the sound and size I'm debating if I will return this due to a non-existent feature.
I bought the polka-dot ipod cases for my granddaughter.  They fit perfectly, and she loves the colors.  She especially enjoys giving her ipod a new look each day!
use this with my ipod while riding my motorcycle . works great!! highly recommend it.
Been very picky and had a very hard time find a case for my Nook, but soooo glad I got this one because I love it!! Makes my nook look just as small and compact as it really is!!
For iPhone 6 and VW, Audi MMI supports only charging! No iPod functions, no music or videos, no data :-(
I recently purchased the Jensen Portable Cassette Player/Recorder to replace my 40-year old Panasonic counterpart, which had been my trusted mainstay until it malfunctioned during an important Association Board Meeting.  From that moment forward, I realized that I needed a dependable recorder and began searching several local consumer outlet stores for this product.  After a couple of weeks without having any success at locating such an antiquated device, I turned to Amazon.com.  To my amazement, this iconic store offered an assortment of cassette player/recorders at affordable prices.  Within five days after ordering a portable recorder, I obtained what I thought was a compatible replacement for my old Panasonic.  However, to my dismay, I found issues with the replacement recorder's volume control and built-in microphone and had to return the item.  When I resumed my search for a dependable cassette player/recorder that functioned as advertised, I was fortunate to find the Jensen product offered by Todays Concept.  This portable cassette player/recorder is worth every penny I spent.  It is compact, lightweight and easy to operate.  The record/play/rewind/fast fwd/stop/eject and pause buttons do not stick when pressed, which is a plus for baby boomers like me who suffer with arthritic stiff fingers.  Although the recorder's built-in condenser microphone functions adequately, for acute clarity of sound I recommend using the external microphone with stand that is included with the recorder.  I assure you, this small microphone is powerful enough to record your inner thoughts, if you are so inclined to articulate them.  I rate this product as 4 and one half stars.
works great!  fits iPhone 6 with no problems.
Used this for two side by side freezers instead of a fridge/freezer combo unit. Works great.
I bought this so I could have something to listen to on a cross country drive in a U-haul, it worked perfect. Speaker is nice, clear, and pretty loud but don't expect some earth shattering bass. Battery lasted the promised 10 hours, I didn't have the voice that other reviews mentioned when the battery gets low, instead it gives a loud beep a couple of times before going dead. My only complaint is the power cord, it's a short USB cable without a power adapter, so you either charge it on a computer or you buy your own. Over all though for the price I paid I am very happy with this, would definitely recommend.
I bought a Two cables,  one for me one for my precious ppl.  We both satisfied, Good Quality and nice price.
Doesn't charge my phone. Doesn't pick up calls right away. Doesn't play the sound in the background!!! SUCKS DO NOT BUY
Had this for almost three months and it started to act up. There was no visual signs of any broken issues. The cord would charge the phone and then randomly stop charging.
as advertised thanks
Very poor quality. Not worth the purchase. i ordered this to put my music on so i can have it when i went into labor and was not able to use it. i was able to load my music on but i could not get it to play certain songs, shuffle or play more than one song at a time. it basically played a song then stopped. i would have to hit play again and it would play the same damn song unless i searched through for another song. i don't know if this was was just defective or what, but i will never try this product again.
I have a 250 cc scooter, it came with a player built in but it was junk and I wanted something better.  after looking at a lot of systems I chose this one because most others the speakers mount to the handle bars, on mine it was not possible.  the description for these really didn't say how they mounted, turns out they mount to the mirrors, you unscrew the mirror, then put the the mount under the post, tighten the mirror and it's there. the only complaint I have is there are no instructions, it's not hard to mount or wire but I think there should be some basic info anyway.  they sound great, at 60 mph I can hear most songs on the usb thumb drive i'm currently using.  there are lights inside the speakers that play with the music, but they are not bright enough to bother night vision.  overall i'm highly impressed
Working out great so far.  Not quite as flexible as Apple cables, but not as stiff as others I've used.
super cute but kinda hard to take on and off.
Worked just fine with my kids' iphones.
bad
Timely shipment.  Great product.
Prompt shipping, product has no defects and works as expected. No complaints.
Works fine. Just had push a little hard to get the plug to seat.
Excellent product in a good price. You can't ask for anything better than that in retail.
Great product and buy
Love this
This subwoofer did not sound all that great when I first got it and it blew in less then a month of using. I had the proper watts running to it. It's just a bad product. Pioneer has defiantly gone down hill.
I have had this unit for a couple of years.  I bought it to run and portable oxygen concentrator while on the road since the 12v aux feed from my Prius does not provide the amps needed.  It has worked fine on a couple of road trips.  Just today I put a high quality volt meter on the ac output and was astonished to find that it only put out 90v.  Under load or no load.  With this low voltage there is a potential to damage any electronics that expects the ac voltage to be in the range of 105v - 125v.  This is why I gave it only one star.
Great product, love that i can record our road trips and also keep it just in case any trouble were to happen along our journey.
I had these speakers for about a month now and two out of the four I installed have blown out already. Consider other options unless you want to keep replacing them
This item does not work.
2 of the cords were bad and one of the boxes was bad.  3 out of 4 items were not working.  That's pretty bad odds.
Both cables work as expected. No warning message from the iPhone either!
Great quality. I'll buy them again.
Great alternative for Apple Lightning Cable
This did not work at all.  The brand new cd's skipped constantly.  It would just stop all of a sudden.  Not a good product at all.
Works beautifully!  Quality exceeded my expectations!
awesome
awesome product, not a thin flimsy cable like the OEM part from Apple.  This is very durable and has zero connectivity issues.  I should have bought this a long time ago, and the two pack price is great.
Fits as expected
These are really sturdy cables, charged my phone and tablet quickly stayed in tight. I'm sure they will last a long time.
Used this with MHD flasher to flash a tune and used Carly BMW for some coding. No issues at all with the cable, worked perfectly with my 2007 BMW E92 335i
This piece of crud literally lasted 7 days before just refusing to work altogether. I meant to review earlier when it died but forgot. It's build nice and you'd think it would work well, but nope.<br /><br />Also, an ill side effect of using this with iPhone 6 is you'll sometimes get the signal bleeping through the transmitter. I think this is one of the few car powered units, however, that picks up the least amount of buzz from electrostatic interference of the car when you're both powering the unit and your phone.
Got my product today! very well wrapped love it already
Amazing stereo sound, bass, and volume. I love the easy touch front panel and the the fact it comes with every cord you need. Easy to use. Searched endless reviews and videos before I settled on this. Sounds much better than the Bose Bluetooth dock. Highly recommended.
I have ordered these twice now ( because my kids keep losing them !) and they hold up better than any others and charge the phone quickly
Good
No recomendado....
Great sound.
The Cheapest Best Car Invention Ever ! I Should've Bought This Sooner Instead Of iNvesting On Other FM Transmitors That Were Four Times More Expensive Than This. I Absoulutly Love iT ! The Only Thing iD Change iS The Lighting... it's Too Bright And Driving At Night I've Had Cops Look At Me But I Still Love iT !
Stopped working after four months. Complete garbage.
Great product, would buy again.
If I could give it and the seller 10 stars I would!!! Awesome delivery and products
I've had them all and this is by far the best. Well made, not cheap looking, very sturdy.
[[VIDEOID:f1c616e6a1b875bb84b9089395cad59f]]This item is great it helps vent out your car, so on those hot days your car is a little cooler inside! This is very nice because you do not need batteries for it to work. The work that I do for a living this is great because my car sits for hours in the hot sun before I get to get back in it.  This is a lot better than leaving your windows down, when you leave your windows down that is probably when it is going to rain!  This is nice because I keep a lot of stuff in my car, one time I had a cell phone get to hot and I had to get a new battery for it! This would have helped me save some money! This fan actually moves a lot of air for how small it is!<br />I got this item at a discounted price for a honest review!
Awesome cord does not bend at the end like the apple ones and I honestly put mine through hell not on purpose of course lol but it is still in great condition.
[[VIDEOID:fa85e618a003596a96e0cd0a6b306a41]]Pairing Name: Omaker-M075<br />Paired with iPhone 4<br /><br />Audio Characteristics:  Punchy Bass, warm and clear overall spectrum.  Not very loud, however, as such things go.  At max, a moderate listening level.<br /><br />Fit/Build profile:  Has rubber feet for vertical positioning, yet plays well horizontally - just be aware that also covers the funky, oddball, what-on-earth Volume, Track AND Power all on a single hybrid slide dial & push button thing that did indeed befuddle me for a few minutes.  All the instructions say is \\"Turn It On\\".  Great.  It wasn't until I was fooling with that tiny little thing and happen to press against it that I realized you are supposed to long press it in (like a good three seconds at least) to turn it on/off.  And its a pretty tiny slot, not to mention I can see beefy fingers (like one brothers) having a frustrating grapple with it.  This is my main hit.<br /><br />Bluetooth Signal Reception Strength:  On par, through major obstructions, such as walls.<br /><br />Battery Life: It does not disclose an official battery life, even in the instructions.  However, it disclose the use of a 1050mAh battery, so I would estimate 6-8 hours continual play, depending on volume.  This is average for this size of speaker, so neither good nor bad.<br /><br />Additional Observations:  Upper ring around that huge Play/Pause/Answer button (makes that tiny gnome-designed thing on the bottom even smaller in comparison) is a soft, blinking blue when in use.  Turns red while charging, and the red does turn off when full.  Does show the battery life meter on my iPhone 4 (iOS 7.1).  Nice mesh carrying case.<br /><br />Summary:<br />So it had the audio goods, and I like the overall form factor of it.  Just a) not a crunking volume, and b) surely a more standard method of powering, volume, and track selection could have been used...<br /><br />- Complimentary product provided for evaluation, yet my thinking here reflects all my personal purchasing decision processes, and hopefully may help clarify if this best meets your own needs and expectations.efully may help clarify if this best meets your own needs and expectations.
Works great!
Quality is ok, but the cables tend to fray around the connection end fairly quickly.
Got it in red and black and already in love with it. Hands down one of the best Bluetooth speakers in this price range. If you're looking for cheap Bluetooth speakers SoundBot SB571 is the way to go.
Great Case for the Nook.  My Mom likes the durability and handling of the NOOK in this case.
This is the worst radio I ever bought toch screen stop working very fast and the seller is the worst people to deal with don't buy from
nice product. works as expected. nothing to add :)
Waited a month maybe longer, when it finally arrived it was not a Acten but some other model.<br />rear view camera works fine but navigation icon does not respond. Does not flow easily will return.
I have used several of these and love them.  I have used a different &#34;cheaper&#34; brand before but you'll soon receive the error that the cable is not the right one for this accessory.  Not with these!  Works!  Great value to buy in pairs.  I was able to stock up on my iPhone/ iPad Air 2 cables.
FIRST THE GOOD:<br />  The battery life is OK.  I don't listen at max volume and got around 3-4 hours off a charge.<br />  The charging speed depends on the charger you use (it has nothing to do with the cable).  It charges in an hour or 2 with my nice 2 amp charger and takes much longer plugged into a laptop or standard phone charger.  This is standard for any device being charged by USB so don't blame the speaker if it takes forever to charge.<br />  The sound quality is decent.  Not a lot of bass but it's much better than the speakers that come on your cellphone and a lot louder as well.<br />  The suction cup on mine was awesome.  I stuck it to my windshield in the south Georgia heat for more than 2 weeks and it didn't fall off. (my car radio doesn't have bluetooth and I was listening to Pandora on a road trip)<br />  The volume level changes in small increments.  I have had other bluetooth audio devices that increment in large steps so you go from not quite loud enough to way too loud.  This one has small steps so it's easy to find the right audio level.<br /><br />THE BAD:<br />  Definitely not &#34;Waterproof&#34; more like &#34;Water Resistant.&#34;  I purchased this for music while Kayaking.  It got splashed a little and didn't seem adversely affected, but it got dunked and started acting weird.  It kept powering on and off again.  The buttons are actually part of a rubber ring that goes all the way around the speaker.  I pulled the ring off and let it air dry and it works good as new.  It's worth the then bucks I paid but they should really change the description.<br />  The volume and track change buttons are the same buttons.  Long press for volume, short press to change tracks.  This can get annoying if you forget and tap the button trying to bump the volume up a bit (as happened to me frequently)
Works good as ever!
[[VIDEOID:fc6d7c0266a602f5e8ce06be09c08539]]This back up alarm is good to have if you live in a busy city it helps out a lot. It can take sometime to install if you don't know what your doing. I got this and installed in a couple of hours.  You get a power cable, 4 sensors, and alarm.  This is help you with backing up and making sure you don't hit anything or anyone.  This worked great in my 2nd car made it better for me to parallel park.<br />I got this item at a discounted price for a honest review.
It was loud at first and then after a couple weeks it kinda just gave up and wouldn't turn up even with the volume on my phone all the way up. And then the side of it came off I don't recommend it.
Works fine.
These were perfect! My daughter (7 yr old) has received my husband's old iPod Touch 4 and to make it special for her we wanted a case for it that would match her style. When we saw that this item came with four cases and two stylus we were sold! My daughter has so much fun picking out which case to switch to and they are easy for her to take off and put on but they stay on great! They fit perfectly and the price could not be beat. They arrived in perfect condition and on time. I highly recommend these!
Great
I was pretty sure I did not want a radio with analog tuning. But I like Sony's Walkman that I use every day, so I thought I would try it. Not only is the analog tuning difficult to use but the reception is POOR. I have difficult getting 2 local stations good enough to hear and understand. This is the worst of many Sony products I bought. Do Not Buy This!!!!
This sub is not 600 Watts Max so if you think its a good deal then you better not drive it with over 250 Watts or you will blow it like I did with 500 Watts. The spec is very misleading.
One works perfectly the other some times doesn't work right away when plugged in
I can actually read it!  Lifetime maps is wonderful.
once I got it going it seems to be very seficient  for my needs
These are the ones to buy.  I've messed around with the cheaper versions that stop working after a week or so.  These work just like the original cord that comes from Apple.
Colors were off and very difficult if not impossible to tilt camera up or down
Seem to be well made, no issues as with cheaper products. Pleased with the purchase
broke just taking it off
This turned out to be a truly piece Chinese junk, it will not play DVD or CD.Company does not respond to e-mail sent them in regards to warranty so I can get it repaired. I canot file an A to Z claim. This is the worst purchase I have made. Do not buy from this Canadian company.
Fantastic device. I use this everyday. They have much improved the sound quality since the earlier days of Beats, and it is a godsend at the gym not having to deal with wires.<br /><br />----Pros---<br />-Easy Bluetooth connectivity: All you have to do is turn it on and it will automatically connect to the device that you last used with it, provided it is in range. If not, it will default back to any previously paired devices<br />-Great sound: while not as HQ as some of my more audiophile headphones, this is more than listenable, especially for Rap and EDM, music with a heavy bass element that is perfect for the gym<br />-Micro USB plug for charging: This is an absolute must, and huge upgrade over previous models that used AAA batteries.<br />-Build quality: solid build quality. I sweat into them regularly at the gym and it seem to have no effect on the audio quality or the headsets reliability (I bought the 3 year square trade warranty just in case though).  The phones themselves are made of some kind of plastic, but it feels solid and durable.<br /><br />---Cons---<br />-Could use a little more range: sometimes I find myself losing connection momentarily or music stuttering when running to the other basket on a basketball court, when my phone is sitting under the opposite hoop<br />-Battery life: while the battery life is admirable for the package you get, it would be a lot more convenient if the battery life was up to par with a device like the LG Tones. I do love the Micro USB plug for charging though.<br />-Pricey: this is a bit pricey, but I feel the cost is worth it for how well the package you receive works. But thats my opinion and I know some people do not share it. Because of the price I recommend purchasing some kind of Square trade warranty. I bought a 3 year one, just in case my sweating at the gym eventually kills it.
Noisy, ineffective. Replacing with similar module with standard TRS.
Do not buy from them. I thought this was the whole visor which may have been my fault so when I just received a small metal piece with 2 screws i was shocked. A small metal piece for $25??? Anyway it wasn't what I needed so I requested to be able to return it. The email I received back was unbelievable. Very harsh. See below...<br /><br />don't understand. You say in your statement that you expected what was in the picture. There were 2 pictures of Broken visors. Are saying that is what you expected? Item is EXACTLY as described. The very first thing the Description and Listing states is that it is for a &#34;TOYOTA CAMRY SUN VISOR REPAIR KIT&#34;.  Listing and product description states FOURTEEN (14) TIMES that it is for REPAIR and is a REPAIR KIT.  Please explain where the &#34;Description Was Not Accurate&#34; as you have claimed. It certainly appears that you did not read the listing whatsoever which does not constitute a full refund.  Even so Buyer may return the repair kit but the following must be done before any refund will be issued.<br /><br />Very very unprofessional. I will not purchase from them again.
Sounds pretty good for its size. It comes with a USB cable charger, an aux cable, a power switch and card reader/slot. Upper and bottom portions have silicon covers for extra protection. It  is very light and has a modern look. I just noticed that sometimes It's not that fast in terms of pairing with my device but still in an acceptable speed. I got this at a discount in exchange of an honest review.
Great product fast shipping!!
plug hub is a little fatter  , so it wont plug into one of my devices with a case , otherwise great
They work 👍🏻
Nice
Don't buy &#34;Apple certified&#34; cables from Amazon.  This is my third attempt and none of them work.
This amp honestly sucks I've had two of this same amp now, the first one burned my subwoofers than caught on fire itself, and this current one burned my subwoofers that have a higher Wattage than the amp can produce and the bass level on the amp is set to its lowest setting, I just bought a new amp to replace this one and went back with Sony like I use to use before I had this amp the sound quality is much greater and a lot more clear still using the same subwoofers too the warranty on them replaced them for me and the new amp I can set the bass level up higher without it damaging my subwoofers.
Product works great!
Great customer service. Everything as stated and no problems.
Seller was great.  But the product is cheaply made and isn't what I expected.
I'm not a sound buff, but this thing gets great range. The bluetooth connects about 10-15 feet away. My issue with this is that there is no volume control. One would think that the + and - on the top are volume controls, but they are next and previous. Overall a great purchase, but there's room for improvement.
It fit perfectly to both the iPod and my arm. I could use the iPod controls over the plastic. I never used the sensor case so I can't comment on that.
useful and convenient.<br /><br />sound is quite cool.  there is no sound particularly distorted.<br /><br />connecting speed pretty good. just... price is little high.<br /><br />I was provided a sample for review and I do not promise a good rating in return, nor am I affiliated with this company or compensated in any way. I am just a regular Amazon customer who shops a lot on Amazon.
Both ends of the cable feel snug when plugged in. Probably the best cable I have had for charging my devices it doesnt feel loose or feel like its going to break.
Got the cables using prime so I got them in 2 days. Cables are great quality and charge my apple devices greatly. Thank you!
cute, and keeps my zen mp3 player from falling apart
Nice toy I really enjoyed it and I like it, I wish it could be more vibration movements.<br />I tried to buy another one but I can't find it.
hard to find Lightning cables that work for a long time. So far so good.
Works perfectly! I used this cable and Techstream 10 on a Windows 10 64bit laptop on a 2015 Toyota Camry, 2004 Lexus IS300, 2007 Scion tC and everything worked fine. I did not use the software on the mini-cd as my laptop refused to read it, so I got the drivers and software online.
to cheaply made written in chinese not worth it
Good
Excellent starter radio
I wanted to love these sunglasses. They were a perfect fit for my face and looked great. The lenses were indeed polarized and worked well for cutting sun glaze.<br /><br />However, after just 3 wears (one week from receiving them), a screw fell out leaving my glasses broken.<br /><br />Obviously, at $10 I was not expecting these things to be indestructible, but to break after 3 wears is just unacceptable.
Dont buy this product, dosent sound 24 hours not even 2 hours. They lie, missleading advertsing<br /><br /> Im on vacation birthday trip and this thing is a totally mess. i used to be a bose user and I make tha change to a beoplay A2. Worst decistion I ever made.
This is a very basic, difficult to control MP3 player. It seems fairly well made so I'll give them that. The firmware is awful. If you connect to a charger, there is no indication of whether the battery is low, full or even accepting a charge. I have no way of knowing whether the battery life is as long as claimed because it's impossible to know the charge level.<br /><br />It will not work with Audible.<br /><br />Because it's so clumsy, I just loaded it with basic music and let her go---there is no real control so my play list is everything on it. Ugh. But hey, I give a star for that.<br /><br />If this device had better (a lot better) firmware, they could have a real winner.
Arrived broken. After a $90 installation fee, and a ruined DVD we had to externally hook a portabable player to the monitor for our 12 hour trip the next day. The funny thing is we received an email asking for feedback from the company but there was no way to contact them.  But hey, the screen was clear.
it works - love my nook
Awesome  I Loved It
Received product with a defects be charge port
These charge super fast, which is exactly what I was hoping for!
Works great
This was a awful product and and very bad customer service by seller
Fast delivery.  Product as expected.
Good
Works good and well made. Sound pretty good as well. Small enough to carry around. I purchased this at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
Unfortunately not compatible with my older computer.
Did not realize that the iPod is reconditioned.  Considering returning the item.
did not work for me
Love it works great! It was easy to set up.
I love it &#60;3 though It's a bit expensive for this much small thing.
great deal on a hidden antenna
It has a human voice warning that give distance in centimeters. No buzzer or beep sound, just the human voice warning.
It look nice, love it!
My wife like to see tv at night. With this I sleep well.
Shipping was much faster than I had anticipated. It seemed like I blinked and it was in my mailbox. As for the wire itself most definitely with money. I actually used this wire on a amp that had much smaller screws for the ground and positive. The kit did come with one 0 to screw clamp but could've used 2. Not complaining just saying.
These are junk.  Not a single one worked in the package.  I tried to return and they refused, offered to send me more.  No thanks.
Works, but it's flimsy. I would have liked to see metal mounting brackets, even if it raised the price. It looks good in the car and fits perfectly, but if I push on it, I can move it. I had it professionally installed too. All in all, good product for the price, but could easily be better.
Love my purple Nook cover! Very sturdy, well made. It is a little heavy to hold while reading in bed but great for reading at my desk or on my lap. Great price also.
Good product.
It did not work.
Bought these after loosing my keys at home, almost had to have the car towed and rekeyed. Haven't lost my keys since I bought this. Even put one in my wallet.
Works perfect!
The neck broke in 3 months.
Great under counter lights
The first time I ordered this Ipod, it came without instructions, which was not too big of a problem; however, the Ipod would not turn on, even after charging. I ordered a replacement, and the same issue occurred. I did not care about receiving the &#34;retail&#34; packaging, and it appeared that it might be worth the small savings to order this product, but to no avail. Neither of the two Ipods received were able to be turned on...screen just remained blank, even after charging. Sorry to have to return this product.<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B012C5XYHQ?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00
As described, I have yet to be able to use most of them but the one I needed does connect.
With the headphones (Sony), this one is great!  (Instrumentals are clear.  I can hear each and every instrument in the background; and the lyrics are very audible and clear.  Enjoy it very much.
Can't go wrong with the price.  Loud enough to fill a room with sound with just two speakers connected.  If some music appear low in sound, it is most likely how it was recorded. i.e. low volume or low bit rate.  Some mp3's are better quality than others depending on copy.  Equalizing automatic sound levels throughout various albums would ensure same levels.  Non of this has to do with AMP quality or output but more with music being used and how it was ripped.  LOVE THE LITTLE AMP.  One thing that would be nice is a headphone jack which is not available.  Damn!
perfect
Remote was delivered promptly but after opening package and installing new batteries, the remote wouldn't work.
Awesome aupwr fast shipping and packing superior selling i would recommend to anyone thanks will buy again in future
Perfect for my needs. Plays beautifully.  Great price. Great service.
good cords
Little smaller than I thought, but the sound is louder than I expected!
good value
Very cheap way to add Bluetooth audio to your car
Not user friendly. Dorky touch screen. Click, click, click. Much prefer my Garmin. Sorry I wasted my money. I had planned to return it, but with a sudden move from one motorhome to the next, the packaging and receipt was accidentally tossed.
great product! worked great!
Its just as I expected it to be
It was protective but after a while it started to stretch out and didn't fit my phone that much.
Let me start off, with the price.<br />For $10, this is such a great product, I would rather have this than a typical $50 mobile speaker. How mobile it is, and how loud it is. It's loud enough for my friends and I to just tune to some music while playing games, or whatever.<br />The thing is, distance, since this is my first blue tooth device I've had I don't know if this is normal, but if I walk out of  the room, it stops, and cracks up, or when I block it with my body from my phone.<br />Honestly, it's the price, I'd rather by 5 of these then one upper end speaker. Quality is great and base is heavy.<br />Love every bit of it.
these sound great....
Great CD player. Initially planned on using the Bluetooth with my iPhone. Found it much easier to us the USB port with a tiny usb memory card to store my music. Sound quality is tremendously better with the usb vs. Bluetooth. Overall very happy with this purchase.
very good
Honestly, these are the only charging cables I've had that have not frayed or stopped working after a short period of time. I keep one next to my bed and the other plugged into my computer at work for charging my phone. Both get used daily and I've had them for over a year at this point. Fantastic quality!
Great speaker with excellent sound for its size!
When I received the item it was not running. Waited about a week and it started running. This morning had it on and the pin dropped out of the socket. It was very inexpensive but also very disappointed. Will not order any more!
They work as expected! Much better than any of the other cables for the iPhone I have bought on Amazon.
Great, rich sound. Battery life is a little disappointing but overall, I think it's a good buy.
This little speaker packs a punch! I am very please with the sound quality and it has great bass for such a small device. The rubber finish feels great, too. I previously ordered SoundPal F2 Bluetooth Speaker (about $15 cheaper) and was greatly dissatisfied. This speaker is amazing and I definitely recommend. Great product and great deal!
COOOOOOL. I love the color stripes put upon the black straps! FUN FUN FUN moods to change for day by day! KEWL!!!
Met expectations, shipping time was awesome
lifetime maps??????Phooey, just try to get them....every where you look, they have their hand out wanting you to PAY FOR AN UPGRADE
Works great! Thanks!
This is such a good idea, a flashlight that happens to have a battery to charge electronic devices. At only $8, that's the price of a decent flashlight. This battery has a nice bright, easy to use flashlight. And then add that you can charge an electronic device - an iPhone 6 plus around a half charge. The battery charges via microUSB. You'll have to provide the AC adapter or computer port.
I thought that waterproof was a blatant lie. I'll admit it! I was worried about it, and wouldn't believe it for the longest time. However, curiosity finally got the best of me, since I wanted to swim for long periods of time, and I bought this one. I was certainly not disappointed. It works, it's always been waterproofed to me, and I've never had to worry about it getting wet, or it suddenly not working. When paired with a set of waterproof headphones, this iPod is unstoppable. Perfect for showers and swimming!
It's very nice I love it so much.<br />I recommend this fish finder from this store.<br />Sure I will buy more.<br />Thanks for you my friend.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do and reaches far while doing it. Win.
Bought as a gift for my brother, he uses it every night.
Just what I needed!
Stops working after a couple of months.
Not even the harness fit and it suppose to be plug and play.
I've been using this case on my iPhone 6 plus for a few weeks and I love it. I get about 1.5 charges (on average) from the battery so I can go about 3 days before I need to recharge. It also fits my phone perfectly. I've dropped it a couple times by mistake and the case has held up fine. No damage at all. I also appreciate that you can remove your phone from the case without tools and it does take some force to unsnap the front as it should. With some other cases, the front cover is too easily removed and sometimes would fall off when the phone was dropped. This case doesn't have that problem. I do want to mention that I received this product in exchange for this honest, truthful and unbiased review of the product on Amazon. My review has not influenced by the fact that the product was provided at a discounted cost or in other cases was provided for free. I have no other connection to the seller.
Works perfect with iphone6 no issues.
Wrong sizing, didn't fit my mk4 model key very well.<br />Guess it could just be the certain fob I have.
loses charge very very fast just listening to the radio for one hour
Great Value!
c
Works great.
Product has no directions, the outside of the box has poorly printed outlines of Visor and writing in Chinese. Had to return, could not assemble and fit on the GPS in my Elantra. I was looking forward to a Visor like this, the glare on my GPS is awful. Guess the search goes on for another.
Has great sound was very impressed love this speaker
great coverage for my reader, stay close magnetic closure turns it off.  slim design that is not too bulky to hold when reading
The sound quality was good
My granddaughter loves the polka dots on her I pods!  She can interchange them to different colors daily!
I bought the S-8 model for this product and I am pleasantly surprised at the quality of the sound - especially the bass performance - for such a small set of speakers. I use it as a drone sound (taanpura) for my Indian classical vocal practice with an apple store app and it feels great! The sound absolutely fills up a small room easily...The only two possible improvements I wish for are 1) an ability to connect to another device by automatically disconnecting the previously connected one (this needs to be done manually for now) and 2) perhaps an ability to connect to two or three such speakers from a single device so that different tracks could be played on different speakers! Those two will make this a dream-come-true for me!<br /><br />I love the fact that it can be also used in the car essentially as a hands free system to receive calls (and I haven't tried but could be perhaps used with Siri/Google to make calls by talking into it) !<br /><br />The buying experience was also smooth & pleasant. It came in an absolutely beautiful box with a modern design - one wonders how many things Steve Jobs passion for good design has inspired!  BTW, I Love the rubberized top & bottom, too!
Poor Function and Poor Quality.  I have a different Dash Cam that folds up the screen. This one does not fold, so at night, the screen lights everything up.. when you park your car at night and forget to unplug or turn off, it lights up the inside of the car and can be seen for blocks telling all thieves to come and get it !!  Also.. The screen that lights everything up at night gets dark spots. More and more of them.. When the car gets hot from being parked, the screen is worthless !!  At least at night it cools off and gets bright for all the thieves..  It is not that where I live there are lots of them, but when you go downtown or other places and park your car, why send it up the flag pole that you have a electronic device in your car !!  Heck.. Thieves would not know at a glance I only paid 20 bucks for this thing !! Heck the window they break to get it cost more !!!  Also.. The Suction device grabs the glass well, but the slider part that hooks to the actual Dash cam slides off around hard turns and the Dash Cam lands in your lap !!  I guess you could somehow reverse it so it lands in your girlfriends lap and you could then have an excuse for being grabby..  Not sure.. But worth a try...
Very nice sound, good volume, good battery life.
THE CABLE TO MANAGE THE SPEKER IS TO SHORT, IS VERY DIFICULT TL HANDLE.<br />I BEEN ASKED THE SUPPLIER INFORMATION IN ORDER TO REPLACE IT. NEVER ANSWER
Constantly looses connection.  Would not buy again.
Okay so i've used a lot of cables and my girlfriend actually steals mine because how great these are for iphones. Some cords that i've had usually aren't compatible with my iphone and tells me i can't use it but these ones are perfect the perfect length as well! Not made out of cheap materials so i would definitely recommend this to anyone! :)
Package only came with 1 cable when it said 2.
Worked out perfectly to replace my broken mount ,very sturdy product and it also came with the plug to keep from throwing a rooster tail
It 's working very good so far. However I like it a lot. Thank you for selling this.
Not as loud as I had hoped for.
I was greatly disappointed by the lackluster sound quality and volume level of this device. The design is nice but the volume control seems to have issues, as my &#34;volume up&#34; button didn't seem to work. Returning the item. I do not recommend. I replaced this speaker with the Sentey Bluetooth Speaker 4.0 B-trek S8 for $15 more and I am blown away by the difference between the products. SoundPal is a waste of money and I definitely recommend spending the extra $15 for the Sentey speaker!
This is second unit I have purchased. Super sound. Very long play time once charged. Easy to take anywhere. Highly recommend.
The best non-Apple charging cords I've ever used. They are study, reliable, and I've never received the error message that the cord is not compatible. The best feature is the length of the cord at 6 ft. I believe most of my Apple cords have been ruined because of stretching and the cord ends up loosening up the wire until the constant dreaded &#34;charge, no charge, charge, no charge.&#34; I just order a couple of more cords to have on hand because our only issue now is losing cords. I highly recommend for those looking for a longer and less expensive alternative to the Apple branded charging cords.
good
thank you
Awesome
just like u said the product would be...thanks
I like that my device clicks into place giving it more security.. Nice pad for added function and comfort
Wow! What a terrific fix for my sun visor problem. Easy to follow instructions.... a video to show you step by step... and it works!!  My visor had such basically flopped down and I had to remove it so I could see. when I saw the damage inside of it, I was sick. Of course, our friends at the Toyota dealership were talking 100 plus dollars. So I was estatic when I found the Camry Visor Repair kit. Worked just as they said it would and looks great.... even my pathetic stitching looks good!  Thanks for saving me money and making it so simple.
So far this product is working wonderfully. I purchased the 6 ft cord so that I can use it on the couch and in bed, it works great. I love it, very happy with my purchase.
Terrible product do not recommend for a 2006 Honda CR-V. Nothing but the face cover worked. Had to use factory side mounts.
Great!
I have used several of these mini speakers.<br /><br />This one sounded the same as much more expensive versions.<br /><br />The one issue was the button cover was on the wrong side, it was easy enough to switch, but the buttons are on one side only so not sure how that was missed.<br /><br />It does not come with instructions, and the buttons only show one function, such as there is no + or - for volume. but if you hold a button down it adjust the volume.
I was hoping I could program the key for our 2010 Camry v6 xle using the YouTube instructions for camrys up to 2010. (Old key in/out ignition, door open/close so many times etc) would not work. Home Depot cut the key, that works , so using as hidden key to get in car only
good price, love it
Not sure yet how to change the language to english if there is an option to do so, but works well.
This is the best mp3 n mp4 player I've had yet...Crystal clear music videos are awesome great item
shipping took way too long but the product is excellent
Doesn't really glow but it's okay
Question...can I buy 4 of these and hook them together (wirelessly) for an even bigger outdoor sound?
